bpo-37937: Mention frame.f_trace in sys.settrace docs (#15439)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sys.rst

   Note that as an exception is propagated down the chain of callers, an
   ``'exception'`` event is generated at each level.

   For more fine-grained usage, it's possible to set a trace function for

>    each frame individually rather than all code, by setting 

Reviewer: It looks like this line has a trailing space (which is breaking CI). Do you mind removing it?

```suggestion
   each frame individually rather than all code, by setting
```

Author: Fixed.

   Note that as an exception is propagated down the chain of callers, an
   ``'exception'`` event is generated at each level.

>    For more fine-grained usage, it's possible to set a trace function for each

Reviewer 2: I think the only thing missing here is some indication that ``frame.f_trace`` is used to store the return value from the global trace function when the frame is entered, and on each trace function invocation after that:
```suggestion
   For more fine-grained usage, it's possible to set a trace function by assigning ``frame.f_trace = tracefunc`` explicitly, rather than relying on it being set indirectly via the return value from an already installed trace function.
```

Without that, folks might be surprised by `frame.f_trace` mysteriously changing out from under them.

Reviewer 2: (Note that that suggestion is intended to replace the whole first sentence)
